Add version information to docs for api types (#2169)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/api-types/gateway.md

# Gateway

> !!! info "Feature State"
> 
>     The `Gateway` resource is available in `Beta` as of `v0.5.0`

Reviewer: Maybe something like this, not quite sure how this will render, but hoping this will result in an expandable version that takes up a bit less space by default (https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/).

```suggestion
??? success "Standard Channel in v0.5.0+"

    The `Gateway` resource is Beta and part of the Standard Channel in `v0.5.0+`.
```

Author: Done
